This paper is about Nayeli's diary after she decides to travel with her friends, Yolo and Vampi in page 57. And this happens right before García-García goes to Irma's house after getting kicked out by bandidos. I chose this scene, because this is when Nayeli stands up for the town and decides to fight back against the bandidos by bringing back the magnificent seven. I added Nayeli's feelings, thoughts, and reasoning to emphasize her emotional struggles throughout the story. This helps the readers building a deeper connection with Nayeli and empathizing the character's struggles. 		I am a bit confused and nervous, because this is my very first time writing a diary. Like the famous Youtube stars’ video diaries, I decided to keep track of my own diary about my mission to norte. Maybe, I will become a famous diary star one day! As an introduction to my diary, I will tell you a bit about myself. My name is Nayeli, a nineteen years old girl from Tres Camarones, Mexico. I live with my mother, Doña María, and my father, Don Pepe, is in Los Yunaites. I graduated Tres Camarones high school about a year ago. I was a star forward of the girls’ soccer team for four years. Now, I work at a bar called La Mano Caída with my friend, Tacho. But Tacho is not my boyfriend—he has the limp wrist. Welcome to my diary; let our journey to norte begin!	Recently, I received a mission from God through a movie called the Magnificent Seven. It is about a group of brave peasants traveling North in search of mighty heroes, who can save their village from bandidos. Eventually, the peasants bring back seven magnificent heroes and eliminate the bandidos. Isn’t it amazing? This is just what our village needs! When I was watching it, I felt an electric charge in my stomach, and my heart beat extremely fast. I felt alive! This is what I have been looking for. I always dreamed of seeing the beautiful big cities, meeting my true love, and especially driving out the bandidos. I already shared my plan with close girlfriends, Vampi and Yolo, to come with me. And of course, I will be asking Tacho too. Our mission is straightforward: to bring back mighty cops or soldiers from Los Yunaites. Soon, I will share the plan with other women of Tres Camarones, including Irma. Will they approve my plan and give us blessing? I am not sure. They may disapprove and think that it is too dangerous for teenage girls to cross the border. But, if we don't, who is going to take care of our town? Who will protect us from the bandidos? No, I believe in Irma! She is the very first female Municipal President of Tres Camarones. When women were struggling, Irma is the one who stood up for us as our leader. I believe Irma will encourage us to stand up for ourselves and fight for our village! Yolo, Vampi, Tacho, and I will be the ones bringing back the magnificent seven and saving the village. Women of Tres Camarones with Tacho will be the strength and hope of our town! Our journey will be even better than journey in the Magnificent Seven!	There are two reasons why the village needs the seven heroes: for the town's safety and future. When the value of peso drastically dropped, men lost their job, and food became too expensive to eat. This caused the town's men to go el norte to find jobs there. Suddenly, there were no men in town. Then, the bandidos came. 	The other day, Scarface and a cop came to La Mano Caída, where Tacho and I work. Scarface is an infamous bandido, and the cop did not come to protect us. The corrupt cop and Scarface came for drug-dealing. Both of them were carrying guns, and they consumed our food and drinks without paying. They could have shot me and Tacho to death any moment. Because there is no local police station, supermarket, or radio station, they would have gotten away with murder. I was terrified. I was so scared that I could not fight back, call for help, or cry even when they treated me as a prostitute. They were full of sexist insults and made fun of Tacho for being a queer. As the drug-dealing increased, these events started happening more frequently. Every single day, we live in fear. I am afraid of bandidos stealing food, sexually harassing me, and threatening our lives with their guns. Every time this happens, I think of Don Pepe and the men that left us. Did the men have to leave us to go North? Why did Pepe stop sending me postcards? Did he forget about me? The only way for me to find out the truth and to fight back against the bandidos is by bringing the magnificent seven. This is why I must stay strong and complete the mission. 	The bandidos are not the only ones endangering our town. Since the men left to norte, there has not been any pregnant women in our town. Without families to reproduce and continue the heritage of Tres Camarones, our town will eventually disappear. Recently, I have been feeling lonely. I miss the time I spent with Matt on a crab day and particularly the kiss. I clearly remember Mateo's mouth that was richer and softer than my favorite pudding. It was a clear, sunny day with cool ocean waves splashing our feet. The cherry cola lip balm on his labios Americanos tasted like drinking cola under the blue Manhattan sky. I will never forget the times I had with Matt, and I will treasure the card that he left me. Just like me, Yolo, Vampi, and other women in Tres Camarones are lonely and in need of love! To create more families and babies that will continue our town's traditions and heritage, I bring back heroes from norte. First, I will visit Kankakee, Illinois to find Don Pepe for my mother. Then, I will find mighty men for other our town's women and, of course, Tacho. Yolo, Vampi, Tacho, and I will be ones bringing safety and love back to our town!